[WIP] Adding the Task Manager info to the UI doc (#13)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/topics/mta-web-controlling-tasks-with-task-manager.adoc

Reviewer: Please use this section for sub-titles:
1. `docs/topics/mta-web-controlling-task-order-with-task-manager.adoc`
2. `docs/topics/mta-web-reviewing-a-task-log.adoc`

Author: If I understood correctly, this two sections as subsections for [Controlling MTA tasks by using Task Manager](https://mpershina.github.io/Previews/MTA/MTA-3110-1#mta-web-controlling-tasks-with-task-manager_user-interface-guide).

Reviewer: Correct

Author: Then everything should be ok with the preview now :-)

:_newdoc-version: 2.18.3
:_template-generated: 2024-08-07
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="mta-web-controlling-tasks-with-task-manager_{context}"]
= Controlling {ProductShortName} tasks by using Task Manager

*Task Manager* provides precise information about the {ProductFullName} tasks queued for execution. *Task Manager* handles the following types of tasks:

* Application analysis
* Language discovery
* Technology discovery

> You can display task-related information by using either the *Task Manager* drawer or the *Task Manager* page in the *Migration* view.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can display task-related information by using either the *Task Manager* drawer for active tasks, or the *Task Manager* page in the *Migration* view for all tasks.
```

> You can display task-related information by using either the *Task Manager* drawer for active tasks, or the *Task Manager* page in the *Migration* view for all tasks.

Reviewer: @mpershina Please mention how to open the drawer "by clicking the notifications badge/button"

Author: Done, @mguetta1, see my suggestion below :-)

Reviewer: LGTM

> You can display task-related information by using either the *Task Manager* drawer for active tasks, or the *Task Manager* page in the *Migration* view for all tasks.

Author: ```suggestion
You can display task-related information either of the following ways:

* To display active tasks, open the *Task Manager* drawer by clicking the notifications button.
* To display all tasks, open the *Task Manager* page in the *Migration* view.
```
